Update alerting terminology (#679)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/metrics-threshold-alert.asciidoc

threshold condition: `Alert`, `Warning`, or `Recovered` (a value that was once above a threshold has now dropped below it).

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/run-when-selection.png[Configure when an rule is triggered]

== Action variables

This section details the variables that metrics threshold rules will send to your actions.

[float]
=== Basic variables

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/basic-variables.png[The default metrics threshold rule message detailing basic variables]

The default message for a metrics threshold rule displays the basic variables you can use.

- `context.group`: This variable resolves to the **group** that the rule conditions detected.

> For Inventory rules, this is the name of a monitored host, pod, container, etc. For metric threshold rules,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Inventory rules, this is the name of a monitored host, pod, container, and so on. For metric threshold rules,
```
